The master is a living arhat, but not a living arhat
You're just a thug
This has nothing to do with you
You step back first
Dragon Lord
Can we talk to them now?
OK
Shake hands in the end
What do you want, prince?
Where is my passerby?
I'm not unreasonable.
I came today.
It's about kidnapping my sister for your son
It's called Qianger
I said I was a passerby
You are not a master
You are an angel
The prince pays homage to the heavenly master
Meet the Heavenly Master
Then you say this
How to understand
Bah sister 500,000 as a mental loss
500,000
No 1 million
No no 2 million 2 million
Then how do you say it should be solved?
How about Mr. Peng
My passerby is in your eyes
Is it just for 5 bucks?